imagine entering an ancient old pyramid somewhere
in Egypt only to be killed by
the death god anubis himself
while death is generally undesirable being
killed by a god is a pretty cool thing we
can't ignore the fact so in this video i will
reveal the immense stupidity and complete absence
of brain in our character's approach from the
comfortable seat of my ergonomic gaming chair
with an extremely humble sense of
undeniable and king-like superiority
in this video we will beat
the pyramid in pyramid yeah
now before we begin you should pick a character
who you identify most with so we all know at
which point you would likely die if this
happened to you yes in case you wonder this
is an educational video these are the characters
this is the blonde chick right here she's the main
character if you are forward thinking annoying
and generally confident well then that's you
congratulations this is her father or
your father well whatever if you stick
with what you know generally think you are
better and think the other people are stupid
then that's you her boyfriend is this guy
right here if you're good looking as simp and
emotionally unstable welcome to the club they
are followed by a reporter and her cameraman
if you are disliked by most around you without
realizing it's actually your fault because you
think you're perfect then that's you cameraman
is this guy right here if you lack confidence
are pushed around consistently by everybody
around but accept that reality without a problem
hi how you doing so our team of archaeologists
are excavating the finding of the century a
three-sided pyramid 250 miles of cairo oh and
by the way this is rashid he's the security guy
responsible for the excavation side safety but
before they can enter they are told to leave
within 24 hours and return to the united states
apparently there is a civil war breaking out in
the capital but of course they don't care because
they are archaeologists you must be passionate
about what you do therefore you don't just leave
this important site behind if you aren't willing
to take risks you would have done better sticking
with collecting fossils and pokemon or shells on
a beach so when they find the entrance of the
pyramid this is what happened now i don't know
about y'all but that looked like voldemort coming
out for some fresh air they however deemed it as a
poisonous gas released by a fungus now you know
honestly i don't really care what it was right
it's obviously unhealthy to be near that thing
so back up and leave it's simple but what they
do next is the following they own wall E yes the
Pixar thing a small tech gadget worth hundreds of
thousands of USD it's a perfect gadget for
this exploration mission so when they move
it in it doesn't take long until it gets ripped
apart causing our characters to lose all context
well what could have done something like this well
let's analyze and then move on to the how to beat
this pyramid was excavated during the past few
weeks of your presence it was covered by several
meters of sand the only entrance was the one
you forcefully broke through a few hours ago so
whatever it is that's inside this pyramid and
broke your gadget it can't be anything normal
unless you consider that there is another way in
meaning if this happened to you you must consider
the following perhaps there is another entrance
or you let a stray animal enter this highly sacred
and important cultural heritage in which case
you suck at what you do and you should pack
and leave anyways or you sealed the entrance
after opening it which you should have done
in which case nothing could have entered without
being noticed so what do you do exactly you enter
this age-old extremely unstable pyramid without
the supervision of anyone but your own amateurish
team but you're not stupid you would never enter
without appropriate safety measures right that's
why i utilize this tiny [ __ ] piece of wire
right here genius now it goes without saying
that one wire attached to one fixture outside is
extremely risky it would have been easy to fixate
a couple additional wires just in case i mean
why not right also instead of five people going
in to retrieve a destroyed robo thing it doesn't
seem all that smart to me leave someone behind
seriously if you don't make it out for whatever
reason you have back up outside and you will
be safe no matter what to beat the threat of
getting lost inside this pyramid you should do
the following when you enter this pyramid leave
a trace back you can't rely on the wires only
they are a great idea but leaving physical totems
back as you walk deeper into the pyramid would
have been a much safer option additionally set
up roles before you enter that's my beat number
three who leads who's to rear and what do you do
in the case of a cave in i'm a big fan of roles
okay if you watched my past videos i'm all about
distributing roles with roles everybody can focus
on what they do best without having to concentrate
on multiple things at once this adds a layer of
clarity security and alertness while minimizing
confusion and the feeling of being lost which
happens fairly easy in an unknown environment
in my opinion even having systems in place to
ensure that you don't get lost aka the wires and
breadcrumbs behind two people of the team should
solely focus on where exactly you're going in
fact writing down arrows on a blank piece of paper
indicating when you make a turn is the simplest
and most secure way to ensure your orientation
so they finally find what they came for a
completely wrecked wall-E of course but that stuff
happens when you are an adventurer for 100k worth
piece of tech it seems more like something you
would buy an alibaba let's be honest looking at
the wrecked piece of tech it doesn't look like a
dog trashed it of course not we knew that to begin
with but if you really needed to come back and
check for yourself this completely gadget should
be a red flag i mean it looks like a victim of
a freaking crocodile attack let's be honest here
people entering this pyramid without the support
of either indiana jones lara croft or nathan
drake is just painful to watch your wire what oh
that's a snap in the following scenes the pathetic
little wires snapped not that we expected that huh
we lost completely our orientation and
the reporter has nothing better to do
than blaming the cameraman if i were in that team
she would have been the first one to be exiled
now the curious thing here is they argue which
way to go eventually settle with the blonde
chick's opinion take her route and almost die of
course the better option would have been to find
the other part of the wire which must be somewhere
so instead of walking endlessly trying to find the
entrance aka the exit just try to find the
other part of the dwyer and you'll be safe
but that would be too easy so eventually
our precious characters end up
here next to finding wall e's remaining
body the chamber is about to cave in
and i was wondering when that would finally
happen this bird view gives us a perfect angle
to look at what's going on here so we got three
people on this side with the exit behind them
and then we got two people on the other
side the simp and the victimized cameraman
now it doesn't really matter on which side you
stand but i suggest you never take the lead in
unknown territory that way you would never end
up where those two on the left have ended up here
if the surface is about to cave in what do you do
exactly you get away from the center to distribute
the weight more evenly the next thing you
should do would be to leave that area one by one
whoever is closer to the exit should go first
one plus one is two not three not one and a half
not four not seventeen it's two our characters
do the opposite they tell those on the left
to walk exactly through the center pass the
three characters on the right to make it to
the safe zone that's more than stupid because it
doesn't follow any sort of conceivable rationale
if you follow what i've mentioned just before
you should be on the safer side no question
and if you are a special kind of intelligent
person then this is for you then you probably have
noticed this giant massive protrusion around the
walls duh so our character fell through and his
luck or bad luck would have it everyone survived
including you of course but it doesn't take long
and a massive boulder crushes the sims leg and
takes him out if this was you sorry to break it to
you but it's over claim your reward in the comment
section what it goes without saying that if you
are lost and are unable to proceed independently
you have almost zero chance to survive if your
team doesn't consist of at least two above average
strong people leaving you back is the single best
option concerning the group that's another reason
why sticking with people is generally great but
hold your distance if they seem to be stupid quick
side note when the four characters proceed and
open up the entrance to the part next by they take
away those big wooden bars obstructing the passage
with those spars it would have been probably easy
to leverage that boulder off of simp man's leg
he could have been safe this is what i'm
talking about but for that you would have
needed to carry him over and that would have been
probably a little bit uh annoying or so i guess
but come to think of it it would have been
probably a good idea to carry him over
so if you were attacked by a monster at some point
you could just throw him away as a decoy and just
go for a run so survival of the fittest
right when they finally proceed this happens
two things savage mommy cats are no joke and
Arab people with ak-47s are a blessing in certain
situations unfortunately that doesn't last too
long rashid or whatever his name was gets pulled
into the tunnel and is now gone too perfect there
was a way to beat that event though first of all
rasheed had a handgun on his side while he was
firing his assault rifle somebody should have
grabbed that handgun he ran out of ammo quickly
too but looking at his outfit he probably had
backup ammunition too if we can avoid his death
here not only could we pick up a valuable new team
member but we could also grab a firearm as well
but he died okay no wishful thinking here we also
don't have any idea on how rashid got in here that
question should have been priority to answer now
it's too late he dropped his assault rifle though
and our characters proceeded without picking that
weapon up which i think is a dumb move even
a rifle with no loaded shots is preferable
compared to bare hands especially when you will
have to fight sneaky little monster cats do you
remember when i was talking about never walking at
the front in unknown territory well please enjoy
well well well watching how to beat videos
is what they didn't do that much i can tell
a couple of things here for starters if you are
her you are doomed i think there is no need to
explain that how to prevent that though don't run
mindlessly ahead if you don't know what's up front
remember your mother told you many times not
to run around the pool area how many times did
you have to slip and hit your head until you got
the point exactly but in this case you slip once
and then you don't slip anymore secondly i
can't believe they suddenly have a rope that
can carry multiple people at once plus
what about those emergency lights jesus
but the worst thing here is that when they leave
they literally leave that road behind as well
first a gun now the rope let's recap and reassess
the situation first in fact that's something our
characters should do as well the psychological
advantages of calling out your circumstances
should not be underestimated it helps a lot in
building a healthy framework which is pivotal
for making it out alive by now three people have
died three are left and we are still completely
lost one of the things that bothers me most is why
none of these characters talk about how they need
to get on a higher level again in order to make
it out if you remember at the beginning of this
movie we briefly saw the apex of the pyramid
she didn't look particularly wide or big but
considering how far and deep the characters
went in it must have been a steady way down
it is true that they broke through about 5 meters
deep as well but when we compare that extremely
lengthy tunnel system to the actual size of the
pyramid's tip most corridors our characters have
taken must include changings in elevation in that
case one should pay more attention to that detail
and look out specifically for ways that feel like
going upwards another idea would be to touch the
walls floors and ceilings as much as you can no
i'm not talking about a stone fetish here but if
you have one that's completely fine we at binge we
don't judge pyramids aren't airtight meaning there
must be channels of constant airflow if you can
find one you have increased your odds quite a bit
but while touching the walls constantly seems to
be a little tiring and potentially demotivating
i would light up one of my emergency torches
and see how the smoke behaves the smoke should
perfectly indicate where you will find an exit
or of course you find another part of wall-e
yes that third time jesus you use it still
functioning antenna wire it magically to
your camera system and send out a message i
mean sure you could do that but that would
be for the elon musks out there for my part i
already struggle with placing those batteries
into my remote [ __ ] anyway our three remaining
characters proceed getting more lost than ever
before however that's possible eventually they
find a secret door and manage to open it up
at this point i'm really not sure anymore
if my whole script here is complete nonsense
and those three characters don't even try to
find the exit the chamber they find is the
Pharaoh chamber and it doesn't take too long until
it's only two of them left we have to keep going
now it's not explicitly mentioned that what killed
him was anubis himself but according to the style
in which he was killed his heart was ripped out
we can assume that it was in fact anubis a later
scene further backs this claim up here we see
how he weighs the heart of his victim apparently
anubis would weigh the hearts of deceased people
against an ostrich feather if the heart turned out
to be heavier the soul would be sent to hell while
heaven would await those whose hearts are lighter
yeah that must have been a happy era to die in
huh gravity was discovered 4500 years later now we
know why anyway how do we beat a god well that's
up for debate but before we get there this is what
happens next the blonde chick and the cameraman
run away that's probably a smart move but escaping
a noob is in a dark and sticky underground
labyrinth housing shitty little monster cats
that you can't seem to escape i don't know man
i think a quick death is probably preferable
with a lot of luck though both of them survive and
the Anubis walks out the secret chamber without
taking note of them now what do you do in this
position A. you quickly try to escape or B. you
watch the camera footage of course you you watch
the camera footage because we all know we have to
work ahead i absolutely can't believe how freaking
slowly those characters are they are like my
grandma buying groceries but unlike them she isn't
chased by the freaking underworld god for christ's
sake that monster left that secret chamber already
what you should do is don't speak and find an
alternative exit as fast as you can if you can't
hide and try to sneak out from where you came in
once it comes back but when they finally find the
path after about 20 minutes mind you it's too late
of course it's too late what did you expect the
cam guy gets killed and the blonde chick gets
captured that could have been prevented multiple
times about 97 times throughout the script here
um so what are you doing this scene what do
you do in this position how do you beat the god
according to the egyptian book of the dead there
are multiple spells that could assist you in
this situation if anubis is real the spells that
groom him are just as likely to be real as well
so as a last resort i would recite ancient hymns
dedicated to anubis best case is he sets you free
and worst case you will end up as his new bride
but if you don't know any satanic poetry by
heart no worries according to this video and
newbies can be easily beat with the right beat
and who knows you might end up as bffs
eternally dancing to underground tunes
in the twilight of shadow and death